“When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love…” – Marcus Aurelius

“Either you run the day or the day runs you.” – Jim Rohn

“Mondays are the start of the work week which offer new beginnings 52 times a year!“ – David Dweck

“You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.” – George Lorimer

“Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it’s always your choice.” – Wayne Dyer

“Your Monday morning thoughts set the tone for your whole week. See yourself getting stronger, and living a fulfilling, happier and healthier life.” – Germany Kent

“A ship is always safe at shore but that is not what it’s built for.” – Albert Einstein

“Stress is caused by being ‘here’ but wanting to be ‘there.’ – Eckhart Tolle

“People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.” – Dale Carnegie

“Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.” – Zig Ziglar

“If you don’t design your own life plan, chances are you’ll fall into someone else’s plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.” – Jim Rohn

“Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.” – Albert Einstein

“Morning is an important time of day, because how you spend your morning can often tell you what kind of day you are going to have.” – Lemony Snicket

“Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down.” – Charles F. Kettering

“Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you’ll land among the stars.” – Brian Littrell

“The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.” – Bruce Lee

“The only thing worse than starting something and failing … is not starting something.” – Seth Godin

“Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again.” – Richard Branson

“For fast-acting relief, try slowing down. “ – Lily Tomlin
